# Research-Project
Solar Irradiation Components PredictionUsing Meteorological Measures in Odeillo

The rise in the usage of solar energy for electricity generation has led to growing interestamong  the  researchers  to  predict  the  solar  radiations  at  a  more  granular  level.   A  goodcharacterization of solar irradiation components is also important to produce the best per-formance from photovoltaic plant(PV) and concentrated power plant(CSP). The three mostprominent solar irradiation components include Global Horizontal Irradiation(GHI), DiffuseHorizontal Irradiation (DHI) and Diffuse Normal Irradiation (DNI). The objective of thisproject is to predict the individual components of solar irradiations utilizing added meteor-ological measures.  And, also to evaluate the ability of different types of time series modelsin  the  prediction  of  individual  components  of  solar  irradiation.   Solar  and  meteorologicaldata at the site of Odeillo is used for training and testing the models.  Six machine learningmodels namely Classification And Regression Trees, Linear Regression, Stochastic GradientBoosting,  KNN,  Support  Vector  Machine  and  Random  Forest  model  are  implemented  topredict GHI, DHI and DNI on an hourly basis.  Four evaluation metrics were used namelyRMSE,nRMSE,  MAE,  nMAE.  The  results  concluded  that  the  addition  of  meteorologicalmeasures significantly helps in improving the prediction of individual solar irradiation com-ponents.  This study can help firms dealing with solar installations and energy generationsto decide as to which plant to set up where.
